[v17] Correct the changelog entry for 17.2.7 (#52694)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue with recreating Teleport resources for Okta applications with multiple embed links.
* Fixed an issue in the Identity Center principal assignment service that incorrectly reported a successful permission assignment delete request as a failed one.
* Fixed an issue in the Identity Center group import service which incorrectly handled import error event.

> * Added an access graph preview to the role editor. This feature requires Teleport Identity Security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a preview of changes to access to resources in the role editor. This feature requires Teleport Identity Security.
```
